# CoronaSIRD

This repository contains the files for the Performance Analysis and Simulation exam @ University of Camerino.

## Repository Structure

- corona_sird: main directory for the Sibilla code.
  - novaccine: contains the no vaccine model.
  - olderfirstvaccine: contains the older first vaccine model.
  - randvaccine: contains the random vaccine model.
  - scripts: contains the jupyter notebooks used to plot results
  - youngerfirstvaccine: contains the younger first vaccine model.
  - corona_sird.bat: batch file used to easily run one or all the models (Windows only).
- final_results: directory that contains all the results and files used to write the report.
  - csv_files: contains the csv files generated from the execution of each model.
  - total_results: contains the plot generated by the Python scripts on the csv files.
- Performance_Analysis_and_Simulation.pdf: report that describe the whole work.

## Quickstart

Download SIBILLA from: [https://github.com/quasylab/sibilla](https://github.com/quasylab/sibilla)

You can easily clone the repository from shell by executing:
```
git clone https://github.com/quasylab/sibilla.git
```
or by downloading and extracting the zip file.

Once you have the sibilla directory run the following commands from shell if you are on Windows:
```
cd sibilla
.\gradlew.bat build
.\gradlew.bat installDist
```
otherwise run:
```
cd sibilla
./gradlew build
./gradlew installDist
```
The compiled tool is then available in the folder shell/build/install/sshell.

Now run:
```
cd shell/build/install/sshell
```

Clone this repository in a new folder, then copy and paste the ´corona_sird´ directory into the ´examples´ directory.

Now you can run one of the models with the following commands, starting from the ´sshell´ directory:
```
cd bin
.\sshell
run "..\examples\corona_sird\novaccine\corona.sib"
```

You can also easily do it by running the ´corona_sird.bat´ file if you are on windows:
```
cd examples\corona_sird
.\corona_sird.bat
```
The above command will run the execution of all the models.
If you want to run just one you can pass its name as a parameter (novaccine, olderfirst, random, youngerfirst).
```
.\corona_sird.bat olderfirst
```
